add a changelog for `ensureMove` (#22347)
nim-lang/Nim: changelogs/changelog_2_0_0_details.md

  + Added `toDateString`, `toISOString`, `toJSON`, `toTimeString`, `toUTCString` converters for `DateTime`.
- Added `BackwardsIndex` overload for `CacheSeq`.
- Added support for nested `with` blocks in `std/with`.

> - Added `ensureMove` to the system module. It ensures that the parameter is moved, otherwise an error is given at the compile time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `ensureMove` to the system module. It ensures that the passed argument is moved, otherwise an error is given at the compile time.
```
